OSSM-11032 [DOCS] Modify upgrade procedure for ambient mode (#101283)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-about-istio-cni-update-process.adoc

[id="ossm-about-istio-cni-update-process_{context}"]
= About the Istio CNI update process

[role="_abstract"]
The {istio} Container Network Interface (CNI) update process uses `Inplace` updates. When the `IstioCNI` resource changes, the daemonset automatically replaces the existing `istio-cni-node` pods with the specified version of the CNI plugin.

You can use the following field to manage version updates:

`spec.version`:: defines the CNI plugin version to install. Specify the value in the format `vX.Y.Z`, where `X.Y.Z` represents the required version. For example, use `v1.24.4` to install the CNI plugin version `1.24.4`.

To update the CNI plugin, change the `spec.version` field with the target version. The `IstioCNI` resource also includes a `values` field that exposes configuration options from the `istio-cni` chart.

> In ambient mode, the {istio} CNI component manages traffic redirection. During `RevisionBased` upgrades, the component remains compatible with many control plane versions and continues to manage traffic redirection for both the old and the new control planes throughout the migration.

Reviewer: I think because we added the note below, we should rephrase this

```suggestion
In ambient mode, the {istio} CNI component manages traffic redirection. During `RevisionBased` upgrades, the component remains compatible with the control plane's old version and continues to manage traffic redirection for both the old and the new control planes throughout the migration.
```

[NOTE]
====
The {istio} CNI is compatible with a control plane running the same minor version or one minor version higher.
====

> After you update the {istio} control plane, update the {istio} CNI component. The {SMProduct} Operator deploys a new version of the CNI plugin, which replaces the old version. The `istio-cni-node` DaemonSet pods update using a rolling update strategy, ensuring that traffic redirection rules remain active during the entire update process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you update the {istio} control plane, update the {istio} CNI component. The {SMProduct} Operator deploys a new version of the CNI plugin, replacing the existing one. The `istio-cni-node` DaemonSet pods update using a rolling update strategy, ensuring that traffic redirection rules remain active during the entire update process.
```
